4

0 3 1
Hello Gerald, our first priority right now is to get some basic resources so that we can repair the tools that were damaged by the rough landing.
To begin with, I need you to bring us some wood and stone. Your equipement will enable you to gather them by just selecting collect in the menu.
Good luck. I will be expecting the resources as soon as possible
Basic gathering
We need to get this resources to fix some of our broken equipment
2
1 2
2 4

1 4 1
With these resources we will now be able to start fixing our tools.
However, while you were collecting them, we were able to get our furnaces working so now you will be able to get iron from iron ore and coal.
If you also get some wood, you will be able to craft a basic weapon that should be enough for you next mission.
Get the iron ore and craft a basic Iron sword.
Getting armed
As Adolf told you, you have to get the iron ore, turn it into iron and use it to craft the sword
1
202 1

2 6 1
Hi Gerald. I see that you already got you first weapon. I know that it is not much but it is all we have until we can get the tools in the spacecraft ready.
Now we need you to go explore a few caves that our intel team found before we got here. There are three of them in the north of this region.
Our scanners confirmed that in one of them you will find a creature called Kazarum Kizarim.
Beating it will not be easy but we cannot stablish a colony here with such creatures wandering around.
Also, we just found some blueprints in the storage module that will allow us to build a city hall. Hopefully, you can get the materials there. 
I will need you to bring 3 sacks of cement.
Cave exploration
To fulfill this quest you will need to explore the three caves and get the cement that you can find in them
1
6 3

3 2 1
Great job Gerald. We can see that all the enemies have been defeated and you have been able to collect the resources that we needed for the city hall.
You can now clear a small area of the map and place it using the crafting menu.
Starting the city
You have to go into the crafting menu and build a city hall
1
101 1

4 4 1
Well, this is starting to take some shape, now that I have seen your skills, I feel confident to send you into another planet, but be ready, widely challenging adventures await you there.
Your task will be to obtain some crafty materials that cannot be found naturally in this place in order to construct some new structures.
Roseland
This weird planet is the place where you will find Titanium, go there and bring the materials here, safely.
1
7 3

4 7 2
Oh my goodness, thank you for saving me from those monsters. My name is Ciry, I am the only person left Roseland, sometime ago those creepy creatures started to show up in these lands
I have been hiding from them since that moment. Have you come to get some titaniun?
I have lied to you sir, I am not the only inhabitant in Roseland, The Watcher lives here too and he is likely to be angry at you, he uses titaniun to build his telescope.
If you are not afraid of facing him, you should know that he has been milleniums observing everything and has developed the ability of prediction, he will likely dogde our strikes, unless he cant, of course.

4 3 11
Ohh, I saw you landing some time ago, your name is Geralt, welcome to my domains, Roseland is a good place to visit, I dont care, but you will not leave us with the titanium in your bag.
Surrender or die fighting, many have tried before and nobody has been able to even touch me!!

5 6 1
Ohh Gerald I am so glad to see you again and with Titanium, well now you should be able to build some more structures, I heavily recommend you to do so. When you are done with that, another planet awaits you,
but this time... Well you must understand the risk that we are taking here, if we want to survive we will need energy and to get it we will need uranium. In that planet lives an horrendous monster
I hope you can understand I wouldn't be sending you in such a mission if it wasn't absolutely vital. Please Gerald be carefull, the old stories tell that one of her gazes deplenish all of one man's strengths.
The creature in Salen
In this planet, Salen, uraniun can be found in the surface, but the radioactivity seems to have created such an abomination... Get four pieces of uraniun and return alive.
1
8 3

6 3 1
I cannot believe you made it Gerald, loads of new posibilites have arised since we obtained uraniun, make sure to give a look to our new crafing blueprints.
Gerald this is an emergency, the reports from Icarus indicate us that a comet is moving toward us at a vertiginous speed you must travel there and find out if it is a threat to us.
The in the comet's surface several containers have been spotted, they contain Hexacrom one of the latest technologies developed in the Earth, there is no time to loose go there and accomplish your dutties.
The misterious comet
Adolf told me to neutralize the threat and recover the Hexacrom, there is no time to lose, I must go there.
1
9 1

6 9 3
Hey, traveller what are you doing in Icarus, my name is Harold I am one of the survivors of the X-Bomb. I worked here alongside several other engineers providing Germany with satellite support during the WW3.
Wow you know commander Adolf, what an honour. This satellite has been broken since the explosion, it is impossible that he have been providing intel to you, maybe someone has lied.
Do you want the hexacrom? Such a heat resistent material was used in order to build Icarus and also the X-bomb... However if you want to get it you will need to talk to the scientist who developed it.
He was a nice dude... but now he is crazy, he locked himself in the control room after the explosion with all the Hexacrom reserves. Now I hear him shouting loud at night, he calls himself The Algebrist.
Good luck talking to him.

6 7 13
Ummmmmm X^N+Y^N equals ... Who is there? They all told me it was my mistake but my skills are perfect, THEY ARE PERFECT!!!, Ciri are you there, did you asked the Watcher about that?? I told you not to do it!
I am not crazy, what do you want stranger? The hexacrom? That dangerous thing put all of us in this situation in first place why sould I give it to you? it was not my fault the calculus are here there is no mistake
he betrayed me. Who sends you men? Ohh Adolf sends you, then there is no doubt I will kill you and when Icarus impacts Kaer I will destroy the traitor, I will make him pay but first I will kill you, there will be no mercy
for the traitor's friends. Prepare to die!!!


